Adapt safe AAD scope (#63)
mlswg/mls-extensions: draft-ietf-mls-extensions.md

## Safe Additional Authenticated Data (AAD) {#safe-aad}

> Both MLS PublicMessage and PrivateMessage can contain arbitrary additional
> application-specific data. The corresponding `authenticated_data` field appears
> in the `FramedContent` struct for public messages and in the `PrivateContentAAD`
> struct for private messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both MLS `PublicMessage` and `PrivateMessage` messages can contain arbitrary
additional application-specific data. The corresponding `authenticated_data`
field that conveys this application-specific data appears in the
`FramedContent` struct for `PublicMessage` and directly in the `PrivateMessage`
struct.

In an MLS PrivateMessage, the `application_data` is also present in
intermediary structs: in the `FramedContent`, which is used to generate the
message signature and tags, and in the `PrivateContentAAD`, which is used as
the AAD input to the `PrivateMessage.ciphertext`.
```
